chore: update RELEASE.md instructions (#6539)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: RELEASE.md

Once a tag is created, the `publish` Github action will push the container images to [quay.io](https://quay.io/organization/prometheus-operator) and [ghcr.io](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/pkgs/container/prometheus-operator). Wait until the [publish](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/actions/workflows/publish.yaml) workflow is complete before going to the next step.

> We have observed in the past that if we create a draft release and publish it later assets are not attached correctly hence its advised to wait till all workflow jobs (atleast the publish job) are completed to create the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have observed in the past that if we create a draft release and publish it later assets are not attached correctly hence its advised to wait till all workflow jobs (at least the publish job) are completed to create the release.
```
